(Episode 21)
I'm going to find a proper
man since I'm single again.
I don't have a child like someone.
I think Yeon Ju will get remarried soon.
She doesn't have a child.
She's pretty, and she's rich.
Yeon Ju's mother will prepare
a lot of men for her.
I wondered why you were so serious.
You were worrying about
the most useless thing.
Buses and women who have left...
never look back.
Yeon Ju's not the only one
who can meet new people.
I'll also prepare women to meet you.
I'm okay.
What are you talking about?
You're only 33 years old.
You're a doctor, and you're handsome.
Honestly, you're better than Yeon Ju...
because you take after me.
There's nothing to feel insecure about.
You might have a child,
but in my eyes, Han Gyul is pretty
because she takes after me.
They say that looks are the most
important thing in this society.
How lucky is a woman to have...
two good-looking people in her life?
Anyway, I will only focus
on work for a while.
Okay, completely erase
Ha Yeon Ju from your memory.
Both the mother and daughter are so rude.
They're probably celebrating
from getting a divorce.
I will forget tomorrow
I will put on a lot of lipstick
Love isn't for long
It's not for forever
It blooms in the morning
It shrivels in the afternoon
Yeon Ju, what are you doing? Listen to me singing.
Yeon Ju, what's wrong?
Mom, bring So Won to me.
I'm too upset and angry, I just can't send him like this.
Why is my heart broken when he's the one who did wrong?
Mom, I'm in so much pain.
Oh, my.
I didn't come here because I wanted to.
I came here to cheer you up, but I guess it's no use.
(House Rental Contract)
- Grandma. - Yes?
Grandpa is home.
Really?
Grandma, are we going to celebrate for Aunt Ru Ri?
Of course. Let's blow candles for her outside.
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
Congratulations.
I can't believe this.
My idiot daughter hit a home run.
So Won, as I told you before,
a divorce isn't a failure, it's another option.
It's the second part of your life and a trend.
Second-generation conglomerates, celebrities, and even...
the American president gets divorced these days.
There's nothing to be embarrassed about.
In one word, it's a blessing. A blessing, I tell you.
Honey, are you serious?
Of course.
Even when a pair of shoes don't fit, they're uncomfortable.
Imagine if you and your spouse don't fit?
Separating quickly is the best solution if you're not well-suited.
Since you have said that to So Won today,
it made it easier for me to tell you this.
What do you want to tell us?
What is it? Tell me.
Lee Shin Mo.
Let's also get blessed.
Blessed? What kind of blessing?
The blessing where people who don't suit each other separate.
What?
What nonsense are you speaking of?
It's not nonsense.
I want a divorce.
You really disgust me now.
I'm not going to live with you.
What? What did you say?
I should've done this earlier, but I endured it because of So Won.
Since So Won's issue is done, let's arrange matters.
Wait a minute.
Young Hye, you have a disorder.
You periodically demand...
for divorces, marriage graduations, and separation.
Enough is enough.
I comforted you because I'm good-natured.
Do you think I'm enduring you because you're good to me?
That's why I want to end this.
End what?
- Dad. - It's okay.
You only know how to yell because you're ignorant.
If you're only going to yell, I don't want to talk to you anymore.
See you in court.
What? Wait a minute.
- Mom. - I can't believe this.
Did you see this?
Your mom just talked to me rudely.
Dad, please calm down.
Talk to her.
How can I talk to her?
She's so ignorant.
She's not educated at all.
How could she speak rudely to her husband?
Young Hye, come here.
It's an order.
- I can't believe this. - Dad.
So Won, what should we do?
Why is she doing this?
Why is she doing this today?
Father's already upset.
You can't say that.
Mom didn't do anything wrong.
She endured for so long.
Can you not fight?
I'm scared.
You'll forget everything tomorrow
Oh, my. What happened?
Why are police cars lined up?
Where?
I'm scared.
What happened to make so many police cars line up like that?
Mr. Kim, pull the car over there.
Excuse me? Mr. Staff of Justice.
Did an accident happen in this neighborhood?
Why are you all here in the middle of the night?
We missed a burglar who only steals from houses where only women live.
We're searching for him.
Oh, my goodness.
Why is there a burglar in this luxurious neighborhood?
Anyway, you're going through a lot of trouble.
We'll catch him soon. Don't worry.
Wait a minute.
It's a tip.
What are you doing? I'm not allowed to accept that.
Okay.
He doesn't want a tip.
Work hard.
- Mom. - Why?
It's a little spooky.
Don't worry. We installed a security system.
The police will come within one minute.
Security system? Okay, let's go.
I'm tired of this pattern.
Aren't you tired of this?
You always pack and unpack.
Does that entertain you?
Okay. I don't know why you're upset,
but it's all my fault. Just stop it.
Do you think I'm just upset?
That's why you're not right for me.
What? Me?
Are you talking about me?
Yes, I'm talking about you.
You always talk to me rudely.
Why can't I talk rudely to you?
- Hong Young Hye. - Why. Lee Shin Mo?
- Mom. - Calm down.
Step aside. Don't move.
If you keep doing this, I'm really going to be mad.
You know how scary I am when I'm mad, don't you?
Don't wake a sleeping lion.
A lion? You must be kidding me.
- Hey. - Father.
Okay, I'm going to stop because of So Won.
Let's talk, since you like to talk so much.
What is wrong with you today?
I followed our divorced son all day...
encouraging him.
I got him a room and found him a hospital to work at.
All you did was lie down in a warm room.
You just enjoyed your time.
I worked so hard for our family,
my feet are sweating.
What did I do so wrong to get a divorce?
Do you want me to list from A to Z all the things you've done wrong?
Let's just quit it.
Even if you did know,
There's no prospect of you changing. So let's just forget about it.
We're getting a divorce anyway.
There's no good in exposing your shortcomings in front of our kids.
What I want is a clean break.
Just do that for me.
Where do you think you're going? Stay here.
You must be misunderstanding something.
You must think that I'm not divorcing you...
because I like you or something.
No, never. Not even in the slightest.
I'm only trying to stop this divorce...
because I don't want to leave a blemish in my life.
Explain.
I can only agree on the divorce...
if I understand the reason for it.
Fine. Then listen carefully.
This is what you did to me while living with me...
for 34 years.
Lee Shin Mo.
Where did we go for our honeymoon?
Our honeymoon?
Was it Jeju Island?
No, was it Thailand?
No, we didn't go overseas at that time.
You wouldn't know where we went...
because you turned in your vacation days...
and went on a business trip with your boss to Jeju Island.
I only did so because I wanted to be successful, so I can...
- provide for our family. - When I gave birth to So Won...
and Ru Ri,
do you remember where you were?
I'm still sad that I couldn't be at the hospital...
when you went into labor.
However, thanks to my hard work, I was promoted very quickly.
We got to buy a house and a car.
You were absent when I was in labor,
but when your younger sister went into labor,
you bought flowers and ran to the hospital.
You have to understand. She's my only sister.
When my dad passed away,
you didn't even come because you couldn't leave your post in Busan.
I was trying to fix the accident that happened on the site.
But when your mother passed away,
you took a night flight from Dubai to come back!
Fine.
So what is your point?
This is who you are.
Only your parents are important.
You treated your parents-in-law with little or no respect.
These are the things you told me. "You know nothing."
"Kneel, and beg for forgiveness." "This is an order."
"You're stupid, so shut your mouth."
"Hey!" "You!"
Every day, you've been insulting your wife.
This isn't the end of it.
Every year, you had a medical checkup.
You only care about your health.
When I told you my back hurt...
after giving birth to Ru Ri for months,
you've never brought me so much as a single pain relief patch.
- Father. - Dad.
Hey.
It's because...
I believed in your mother's build.
Hey,
what about you? Have you done any work?
Do you know the temperature in Saudi Arabia?
I had to suffer from the heat wave of temperature over 50°C.
My groin was covered with mold.
- That's how much I sweated. - Stop it.
That's enough. I'm sick of it.
You were busy trying to patronize me that you were the breadwinner.
You never once acknowledged my work at home.
You nagged me to spend less money...
and you made me keep a household ledger.
Why?
Were you keeping watch to see if I secretly gave money to my family?
Fine. Good job on providing for our family. I'll give you that.
However, to help you make a lot of money,
I did everything in my power to take care of you at home.
Have you ever thought about what I've done for you?
Did you think you could live your life...
without making money or taking care of me at home?
Shut it. I will no longer live with you...
for the sake of my daughter.
All you do is belittle Ru Ri...
hurt her self-esteem.
You call her stupid.
There's nothing stupid about Ru Ri.
In a nutshell,
for 34 years, you have ruined, trampled,
and brought misfortunes into my life.
You're a selfish, terrible husband and father.
You're no more or no less than that.
Are you done?
Haven't you had enough?
Or do you want to hear more reasons of our divorce?
Okay. Fine. Let me entertain your claim.
Say that I'm a selfish, terrible father and husband.
This is what you said earlier.
You said that there's no chance that I'd change.
Okay. Why don't you keep claiming that?
I'll show you the worst side of me.
Dad.
What? Divorce?
Over my dead body. I won't let you divorce me!
Is that so?
Fine. Let's go all the way and see who wins.
Mom, you should let it go.
Father has been going through a lot because of me.
Did you have to cause trouble now?
So Won, you can't say that.
Let's be honest here. Everything she said was true.
If he were my husband, I'd have divorced and left him long ago.
Ru Ri. Are you adding fuel to the fire?
Be quiet.
Stop talking. Just leave me alone.
My goodness. What a great family.
Both the son and father are going to be divorced.
You must be trying to ruin my family.
Gosh. Unbelievable.
Put on the dark lipstick
Love is
Hey,
hey, we're home.
Mom, the maid went to her daughter house tonight.
Oh, my goodness. I forgot about that.
- But... - Yes?
why...
are the lights turned on over there?
Mom, what's wrong with you? You're scaring me.
Yeon Ju, make a sweep.
My safe. My safe, my safe!
Okay.
The security system has been deactivated.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
How many do I have in total? Hold on a minute.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6...
What is...
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8...
Mom! Mom!
Yeon Ju!
Mom!
My gosh, what's going on?
Mom, look over there.
Over there.
There's... There's a thief?
What should we do? Whom do we call?
What do you mean? We need to call 114.
Mom, that's the number...
for information.
Then was it 113?
113? Is that the right number?
I don't know. I'm so scared! I can't think straight.
Why would you be scared?
We need to stay focused in a crisis like this.
Yeon Ju, we need to prepare for the worst.
The passcode for the safe is 828282.
My PIN number for my accounts is 8282.
I lent 500,000 dollars...
to Ms. Park in Cheongdam-dong.
Just remember these.
Mom!
What should we do? Are you okay?
Wait. That's a familiar voice.
Mom, do you know thieves?
Why would I know thieves?
- My goodness. - You!
Ma'am, it's me. Gosh, this hurts.
Hey, you didn't go to your daughter's house?
I came back early.
Then why did you search my room and make a mess?
You wanted me to throw out your ex-husband's belongings.
You're so stupid. You should've let us know it was you.
Mom. Mom.
What was the passcode for your safe?
I'm going to change it now.
Let me see your forehead.
Some ointment will do.
My goodness.
- The passcode. - You're so dumb.
Get out.
This is uncomfortable. I'm so used to sleeping alone.
Do you have to sleep in my room?
It's hard to not notice an empty space.
Now that So Won isn't here, my bed feels too big.
I'm scared that a thief might come in.
I feel lonely too.
Goodness. You've got to be kidding me.
If you're lonely only after a day since your divorce.
I've been a widow for 30 years.
Then I must have died out of loneliness.
Even so. I'm still lonely.
Hold on.
I just remembered...
a good way to cure your loneliness.
This?
Money?
Fun of having money.
My gosh.
Are you all right?
I'm all right. I'm sorry.
You should watch where you're going, young lady.
I'm sure that he goes to the same company as Tae Yang.
Here, it's a late-night snack.
Seeing as to how it's ramyeon again, things must still be bad, right?
I think we should save money and force them to have a wedding.
That won't solve anything.
I think the reason why Mom and Dad aren't getting along these days...
is because of this person.
So what are you going to do?
Let's secretly visit, and warn him.
Let's tell him to leave our family alone.
How will we find him?
If your grandmother finds out, it's uncomfortable,
and we can't ask Tae Yang.
Who are we going to ask?
There's just one person...
who will know about this man.
Who?
Joo Ae Ri, Tae Yang's rude girlfriend.
Do you know about SC Food and Beverage?
Kevin is the chairman of that company.
Tae Yang...
works there.
Just tell him about this.
Joo Ae Ri made me do this.
She told me to change the poster.
What is this?
Who are you?
Who hired you?
Tell me before I report you to the police.
Who is it?
Why are you alone? Where's Dad?
Oh, are you just getting home?
Here.
What is this?
I heard from Eun Byul...
that Dad wasn't hired as a full-time professor again.
I'm going to give you more money starting from this month.
You can't afford it.
Don't worry.
Did anything happen at work these days?
I already told you. The chairman really likes me.
He's a lonely man, so I want to be nice to him like a father.
Like a father?
Honestly, Dad isn't really older than me, so he's like a friend.
If my birth father was alive,
I wish he was someone like the chairman.
Do you like him that much?
More than that, I feel like I'm connected to him with fate.
Didn't I tell you that I helped a Korean-American in Bali?
You made food for him when he was suffering from dengue fever.
It can't be.
Was he that person?
Yes. Isn't that surprising?
We must have a special bond.
Why?
Are you uncomfortable because I keep talking about my birth father?
No, I'm not uncomfortable.
You...
will continue working there, right?
Of course.
I'm the most quickly promoted team manager.
I'm the rising star of the company.
My job is rewarding.
I need to go wash up.
Tae Yang.
Let me ask you something.
If your birth father was alive,
would you meet him?
Mom.
It's not reality but just a hypothesis.
He made my life unhappy.
But if he was successful...
and able to help you...
What about you?
I'm okay. Tell me the truth.
I'd...
rather die than see...
you being involved with him.
Then I don't want to meet him either.
Really?
I don't know what happened between you and him in the past.
But you never mentioned him throughout my life.
I can imagine what kind of person he was like.
If he was that terrible, no matter how successful he is,
I don't want to meet him.
That's my answer.
Why are you suddenly asking me this?
I was...
just curious.
What happened to the investigation?
According to Jung Hwa Young's family relationship documents,
she only has one son named Kim Woo Joo.
What are you talking about? She has a son and a daughter.
She seems to be the daughter of Go Jung Do, the man she lives with.
They didn't register their marriage. They're only living together.
Does my son doesn't exist in this world?
Did Sarah talk nonsense?
The family must have cooperated in hiding him.
I asked the neighborhood,
and they said that a young man also lived with them.
Really?
I told them to investigate him. We'll find out who he is.
It's me.
I need to see you today.
Okay, I'll go there.
Why is she asking to see me first?
Are you done working out?
You must be going somewhere in the middle of the night.
Yes, I have a new student. I'm going to teach a lesson.
Honey,
do you have something to tell me?
What? No, I don't.
Really?
Okay.
It's cold outside. Call me when it's over.
I'll pick you up.
It's okay. I'll be a little late.
Go to bed first.
I'm almost there. Should I wait in front of your house?
No, it's dangerous.
I'll send you an address. Come there.
Okay.
Her sister visited Kevin at the company.
Jung Hwa Young will find out in a few days...
that Kevin is the birth father of Tae Yang.
(To Chairman Kevin Miller of SC Food and Beverage)
Why isn't she coming home?
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment.
Is she still in class?
I thought she had a class. Why is she out here?
Who is that?
No way.
Why did you ask to see me so suddenly?
Seeing as you called me in the middle of the night,
this must be urgent.
Listen carefully.
This will be the first and last time...
that I ask you to see me.
And maybe, this will be...
the last thing that I ask of you.
You must have met Sarah.
Yes.
I heard everything from her.
She told me that you changed your name to Kevin...
and that you are the chairman of SC Food and Beverage.
Good.
I wanted you to find out.
You reacted faster than I expected.
I'll tell you...
the truth today.
In turn, just promise me one thing.
What?
As soon as you hear me out, you need to grant...
my last wish.
I...
will decide after I hear you out.
If that's how you're going to be, I have nothing to say.
All right.
I promise.
Tell me.
What is the truth that you have to tell me?
You said you saw baby clothes in my luggage.
Yes.
You were right.
What you had wished for...
is true.
That means...
Does that mean my son...
My son exists?
After what happened in Seattle,
I ran away to my sister's house.
I thought you were dead, so I wanted to die with you.
But then...
I found out that I was pregnant.
So I couldn't die,
and I had to live until now.
My son... Where is my son?
No, I mean... What's he like?
Does he take after you or me?
No, that's not it.
What's his name?
What is he doing right now?
I wasn't rich, but I brought him up well.
He's kind, diligent, talented,
and warm.
Does he know about me too?
No.
I didn't want to tell him.
I want to keep it that way.
That's the last thing I want to ask of you.
You know that he's alive.
He's living well without you.
Don't look into him.
- Anna. - I know.
I know that it won't be easy.
I know that you've changed too. But...
But I'm really happy right now.
It was really hard for me become happy.
But I don't want you...
to intervene and ruin my family's happiness.
I want to end my relationship with you if that means I can...
protect my happiness.
I don't mean to ruin your family's happiness.
I'll be good.
I'll pay back for everything I have done wrong.
You don't need to tell him who I am.
Just let me watch from faraway...
and help him.
I'll just do that.
I told you.
My last wish...
is that you'll just pretend not to know us both.
And my son...
doesn't want to know about his father.
That's why I asked you to come here.
Please, I implore you.
In that case,
do me a favor too.
Just show me what he looks like.
If that's too hard, just tell me his name.
That's not too much.
Please.
I told you.
My son doesn't want you.
Do you think I won't find out?
If I hire people to look for him,
I'll find him in no time.
I'll do that.
No, I'm already doing it.
All right.
I knew you would.
Even if I try to hide him,
you'll find him eventually.
Just remember what I said when you do.
If you tell him that you're his father,
you'll lose him forever.
So even if you find out about him,
just ignore him.
That's the only way to protect him.
(To Chairman Kevin of SC Food and Beverage)
You're nothing compared to Chairman Kevin.
Do you need me to tell you this?
Who do you think would win...
if a part-time lecturer fights with a millionaire?
You made coffee.
Give it to me.
What are you doing?
I told you to give me a cup of coffee.
Did you forget? We're going to get divorced soon.
You should make food for yourself now.
So she's going to act up like this?
Gosh, I can't believe that woman.
Gosh.
Are you all right, Father?
It seems like you didn't sleep well last night.
Why wouldn't I sleep well?
You don't need to listen to someone who talks nonsense.
No, I think Mom really means it this time.
Don't worry.
Your mom might talk about it,
but she can't dare act it out.
She can't make decisions, nor is she talented enough.
What is she going to do when we get divorced?
She lives in a big house and drives a car...
all thanks to me.
What would happen if she leaves the house?
She knows well enough that she'll have a hard time.
Don't say things like that. You should try to console her.
She's been stressed out because of me.
You should go on a trip and try to persuade her.
Wait,
it has been a while since she's been on a trip.
Yes, that's right.
Women need to get some fresh air...
so that they won't complain.
Yes, that's why she's mad.
She's been talking about the honeymoon...
which has been over 34 years.
Right? That must be it.
(House Lend-Lease Contract)
You already got a house?
Yes.
What is it? Are you upset?
No.
If you are happy now,
that's enough for me.
But will Dad agree to a divorce so easily?
Even if it means I need to fight him,
I will make him sign the contract.
So this is what happens to our family in the end.
There must be no love in the world that lasts forever.
Ru Ri.
I'm sorry you had to see this.
Mom.
It's wrong to endure life when you know it's wrong.
But you shouldn't try to stop yourself from loving someone...
just because you're afraid to become like me.
If you really have someone that you love,
you have to be honest.
You need to stand strong and say what's wrong.
You must act without hesitation for what's right.
I couldn't do that. That's how I ended up here.
You know that, right?
I honestly...
didn't know what to do...
with Manager Jung.
Is something wrong?
But... Never mind.
After I listened to you, I feel brave now.
I'll be honest with how I feel now.
Okay.
Even after the divorce,
I'll always be on your side.
Tell me if you have any problems, okay?
Okay.
Joo Ae Ri told me to do it.
She told me to switch the new menu poster.
Is this why you came here? To show me this?
You didn't call or come to work after causing trouble.
Do you think hiding would solve everything?
How can you laugh?
An innocent person is getting fired because of what you did.
You have to take responsibility.
I tried to understand you because of what the chairman said...
and because you're in my team,
but if you keep doing this, I can't work with you.
Since you acknowledged it, I'll follow the company rule.
I'm disappointed.
You're not as honest as I thought.
I've confessed my heart. It's your turn now.
Acknowledge it even if you don't want to.
You'll feel better then.
What's my heart?
That you're very thankful to me.
Thanks to me, you can avoid seeing Lee Ru Ri.
You act like you're just and innocent,
but you actually want to dump your useless girlfriend,
and become a son-in-law of SC Food and Beverage.
Isn't that right?
Are you saying you got rid of Lee Ru Ri for me?
That won't make you feel guilty,
and I can protect my love.
We both got what we want.
So just ignore that stupid video.
It'll end everything.
I heard you're not supposed to fix the person.
You're incurable.
I'm sending this video to the director, so keep that in mind.
Also, if you ever get your hands on Lee Ru Ri,
I'll report everything you did to the chairman, so be prepared.
If you really loved Lee Ru Ri,
why would you keep your relationship in secret to my dad?
You had so many chances to tell him the truth.
Why did you hide it?
Do you want me to tell you...
what you're really after?
The way to be more comfortable with our relationship.
Let me just say this.
For the first time,
I feel pity for you.
If you don't respect yourself,
no one else will.
So stop reaching the bottom,
and learn to love yourself first.
You don't know anything to say that!
Jerk.
(Director Park)
It's Jung Tae Yang.
I have something to tell you.
Now that you're not working, you just sleep all day.
You have a guest. Are you going to continue sleeping?
Yeon Ju. How did you get here?
Be quiet. Father might hear.
I sneaked in because I missed you.
- Really? - Yes.
Yeon Ju.
Did you miss me?
Dad. I'm hungry. Let's have lunch.
My gosh. Honey. Are you okay?
My goodness.
Let me see. Are you okay?
Honey.
Yeon Ju.
Yes. I'm here.
Dad. Are you okay? Dad.
Yeon Ju.
Yeon Ju? She won't come here anymore.
What about this?
Yeon Ju's in there.
Whenever I missed you, I looked at a picture too.
Then we're together.
I'm fine.
All I need is you.
What are you doing?
It shows you're a jobless single daddy.
Why would you be still in bed?
Get ready, and follow me.
I'm just tired after the divorce.
Where are we going?
I got the loan. We should sign a contract for hospital.
Father. I'll take care of myself.
Please focus on Mom.
How do you expect me to focus on her without seeing her?
She's so bold.
She went out. She didn't even cook.
I spent so much in the wedding photo.
It's such a waste.
I fell for the look of him in the gown.
What a swindler.
Why am I still wearing this?
Stop.
What are you doing? Is that your ring?
Do you have any idea how expensive this is?
Money's not the point here.
I'm going to burn everything about him.
Then you do inside this grill.
He touched you the most.
Mom!
Come on. Get a grip.
This won't help you get over him.
Get ready, and follow me.
I'll help you get over lovesickness.
I've never seen a place like this in my 20 years as a building manager.
Apartment in the back. Subway station in the front.
It's full of floating population.
Look.
It's the hot place of Gangbuk.
I've never seen a place like this in my 20 years as a building manager.
Apartment in the back. Subway station in the front.
It's full of floating population.
Look. This is the hot place of Gangbuk.
Stop.
You can't fool me.
I own buildings in Chungdam.
And I'm the president of the I love leasing club.
What do you think, Yeon Ju? Do you like it?
You kept telling me to make money,
so you want me to sell clothes?
If you sit around and do nothing, you'll only get weird thoughts.
You need to be so busy that you won't be...
able to think about anything.
You're crazy about clothes.
You can choose what you want to sell.
You can wear anything and sell anything.
You can work hard and live your best.
You can become a Korea woman.
A Korea woman? I'm Korean.
I want you to work really hard...
and be a Korea woman.
Mom, you mean to say career woman.
Career woman?
I can't speak as well as someone who's been abroad.
Well, anyway, I won't be bored.
The second floor seems to be vacant.
Is it going to stay that way?
Luckily,
I signed a contract today to a hospital.
With a doctor?
Yes. The doctor was really young and handsome.
He's really handsome.
We don't like doctors.
No doctors.
The first floor seems to be vacant.
Don't worry. Don't worry.
A big clothes shop will open next week.
Oh, my. That sounds nice.
When people come shopping, they can visit the hospital too.
It's going to be managed by a young woman.
Her mother seems to be a really rich woman from Gangnam.
What was it that she said? Yes, she's a building woman.
Really?
Is the young woman pretty?
She's really tall. She's like a Miss Korea.
So Won, I told you.
The world is really big, and you can always meet new people.
I don't know why, but I felt like choosing this building.
Gosh.
Father.
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment.
Hey, didn't you meet Manager Jung yet?
I told you. He's probably with Joo Ae Ri.
He's working at the restaurant today, right?
Are you going to meet him there?
Mom told me...
that when I find someone I love,
I shouldn't hesitate and just be honest.
I need to go and see him...
to find out about his feelings.
I need to check if he's really...
into Joo Ae Ri.
The target is moving. The plan is a go.
I hope you don't make mistakes today.
- Yes. Don't worry. - Don't worry.
Hey.
You look really serious.
Will you end it if he says so?
Of course not.
If I had misunderstood him, I'll get it straight again.
But if it's true,
I will be the one to end it.
Stop!
What is that?
He went into the restaurant. Let's go.
- What? Why? - Hurry.
I'm the police. I need to see your ID card.
- What is this? - What is this?
- I heard a runaway soldier is here. - A runaway soldier?
- A runaway soldier? - Please cooperate.
They say a runaway soldier came here.
- A runaway soldier? - Yes.
- I don't know. - Detective Park, it's this way.
- Gosh. - Gosh.
Gosh.
Do you know
That whenever I see you
My heart beats
You don't know
When the wind blows
Will it bring your heart to me?
Can I rest
In your heart?
Even just for a while
Ru Ri.
I'm sorry I upset you because of a misunderstanding.
Looking back, you always made me laugh,
but I never did.
From now on, I will never let you be lonely.
And until the day I die while holding your hand,
I will love you more tomorrow than I did today.
Gosh, I thought you were really into Joo Ae Ri.
I'm sorry too for not trusting you.
From now on, I won't ever falter...
whatever happens.
Will you marry me?
- Congratulations! - Congratulations!
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Can I rest
In your heart?
Even just for a while
Look at me
I only look at you
Even if I'm hurt
Mom.
Yes? What?
What's this?
Yesterday,
Manager Jung proposed to me.
I'm sorry.
Our family is in a mess.
This is such a bad time.
Have you decided?
When I'm with him,
I think I can be happy.
Mom.
He's a good person.
He has a complicated family background,
but he's responsible and kind.
If you just open up your mind a little...
It's not because I don't like him.
I'm just proud of you and sad at the same time...
to see you all grown up like this.
Mom.
I'm worried too.
I felt like that with your father.
I thought that I could be...
happy forever if I was with him.
All right.
If you made up your mind, I have no intention of going against it.
I don't know when you'll get married,
but take a close look.
See if he's really worth living together for your life.
I'll take care of myself,
so you won't have to worry about me.
I don't like jjajangmyeon.
What? Why not?
Now. Finish it.
Here's radish.
I ate it yesterday too.
Right, Father. Don't we have rice?
Hey. How would I know?
Your mom's gone insane.
She didn't even come home last night.
What? Where did she sleep then?
Grandmother took blankets with her.
What? Blankets?
She should leave with nothing. Why would she take the blankets?
Is she really going to get a divorce?
She can't get a divorce alone.
No matter how hard she tries, she can't do anything if I say no.
Hey. What's up?
Now?
Okay.
Why does she want to see me all of a sudden?
(Attorney Cha Jung Ok)
Welcome. It's been five years since I saw you last.
Hey, Cha Jung Ok.
You've gotten so old.
Your face is so wrinkly that I can even jump rope.
Like this.
So it was true.
You don't watch your mouth.
Stop kidding.
I'm your senior whom you haven't seen in ages.
I actually had something to tell you.
You know my son, So Won?
He's the best bachelor.
He divorced for an unavoidable reason.
If you see any good attorneys...
Let's talk about that later.
I didn't call you as your junior.
What? What are you talking about?
Then why did you call me?
Hong Young Hye's attorney.
You choose.
Do you want to agree on it or go through a trial?
(Man Who Sets the Table)
My goodness. The worst place at the worst time.
What are you doing here?
- Let's go somewhere else. - No. I'm hungry.
I don't even want to talk to you. I'll see you at the court.
Please give me one last chance.
Grandma. Grandpa loves you.
You're just saying that.
You can always rely on me.
Please take good care of me.
What are you doing at my daughter's work?
You stalker.
Tell Jung Tae Yang what his mom did in the US.
If you keep staying quiet, Kevin will take Jung Hwa Young.
We're looking for someone. I was wondering if you know him.
My dad's ex?
Is the son he's looking for...
Jung Tae Yang, that kid, is my son?